dick has the option he has a new player
you've got it pass the plate okay I'll
play vampire bat yes thank you first for
under that Dracula is it Dracula nobody
can say the David good gonna pass the
play dick um Oh play go uh foot oh right
right watch the desk or you can do this
way nice clothes oh well I feel like a
conductor I know every but it indicates
be Castellano yes Becky you've got bat
and ball up there what do think it is
World Series is it the World Series yeah
all right okay I'll play this just for
the fun of it all right uh sticky gum
nah yeah I knew he's gonna say that
second clue Juliet cricket um third clue
I'll try another game croquet racket
where do I believe you played much
croquet all right last clue for you
julienned bat
wicked yes where did you get this
stumbleine was digging stick sticky
wicket all right Steve you got three
clues up there bat-ball and wicked who
is it um croaker haha I hear you at home
alright Julian has the option Pass or
play good play yes I'm gonna play all
right uh English cricket second clue
um-hmm Burton British yes back bra
wicked British is it cricket is it
cricket
you
consultation is the last year but you
you you're not great with croquet yeah
have you ever played is ever seen a
cricket know if you have I ever seen it
yes i watch the game and I thought the
entire hundred and five people were
there just to put me on I really did it
is a it is a sky so complicated I gift
follow but the British enjoy it is so
muscle knock it right okay mission is
tradition but it's a boring game here we
go steve has the option this isn't a
boring game it's the second sighs look
passer play Steve I'll play okay jump
hop second blue frog leap right ah
alright dick first clean the puzzles
leave your ear is it nari out no I think
it's Juliet Prowse uh what's your L how
I can you leave you know oh you're not a
highly / I'm okay but y'all see your
you're a high kicker I'll I'll go Oh
finchy Steve had no Becky has the option
seconds were in the pub okay go evening
night yes me and Mike
is it Sadie Hawkins day is it Sadie
Hawkins day leap year neatly they're
allowed to grab them in a date I never
thought of it Oh throw logica hahaha
okay Becky I'll pass all right Steve
tweet tweet um twinkle Becky crickets
chirp yes night turf they say it's a
cricket we just had that didn't we yeah
is it again is it a cricket
next is
jiminy Christmas by golly you've got two
hundred dollars both of them on cricket
whoo that's good very good